Using that same formatting exercises
memo that we have back on this page.
So everything's starting down be here.
I want you to go and create
an executive summary, a bluff, TLDR.
Basically like a little blurb that if
someone read it and they agreed with it,
they could just skip reading
the rest of this entire doc, right?
So give you a bit of time and
you can press pause on the video and
then come back here after you're done and
we'll talk about it.
The other thing to try is I want you to
at least try writing yourself once I find
it's useful for people to kind of
take large amounts of information and
crystallize it down to your point.
That's what the entire
exercise of this is for.
But then try putting it into some
sort of no chat CPT or barred or
something like that and
see what they give you back as well.
Then you can kind of compare and
contrast you can see that AI is useful but
also it's probably not gonna
get you 100% of the way there.
It's gonna get you like 80,
90% of that, and
then you're gonna have to use your squishy
human meat to get it all the way to 100%.
We are gonna take this formatting access
and we're gonna write a TLDR about it.
What is the point here?
So okay, before you might ask what
the point is like who's reading this?
Well, if you remember up here at the top,
it says that is the lead
senior leadership team.
Let's pretend that's six people.
The CEO, the CPO, the CTO, VP of this,
VP of that and your mother.
I don't know whoever the last one is,
that's the other last person there.
Okay, and
then we're gonna write a update for them.
So, we set up here that our point
is the project is going well but
it is behind schedule and you wanted
to you want to communicate the delay,
but how it's not that big of a delay.
So that's really what we
want to call out here is,
there is a delay in the project, it's
because we discovered new user research.
The project will still be delivered
two weeks behind on this date.
That's essentially what I
would put in the bluff.
So that anyone reading is like it's
delayed, this is why it's delayed,
this is when you can expect results.
And I think most senior leaders would be,
great,
that's what I wanted to hear, right?
And then if they want to get more context
of why, what the moving pieces are,
who can I talk to about this,
how can I dive deeper?
The rest of the memo is there for
that, but the bluff gets mostly there.
So how did this go for you?
Is that close to what
most of you landed on?
Is that close to a chatGPT told you to do.
>> It maybe was the user
didn't help me that way.
[LAUGH]
>> Yeah.
You'll find like the prompt
engineering here, and
there is [INAUDIBLE] course on
how to prompt engineer well.
But really driving in to the point
helps chat GPT get to the point that
you want to get it to.
And it's almost to the point
where write the bluff yourself,
to get to give you the bluff
that you want, right?
At which point, what are you doing?
That I don't know?
It's actually kind of interesting,
I did use ChatGPT for
this course to write all
the SEO functionality of this.
So let me show you.
I'm quite proud of this.
So I'm going to show you anyway.
If you look down here in the head,
and there's this description,
I'll make this bigger for you.
But we don't need all the rules right now,
just make that smaller.
So you can see here all this stuff,
I actually had chatGPT right the summaries
which is the ones that have
passed us to Google, right?
These are the ones that Google
would show underneath it, and
it's what Google uses to index it.
And so I actually wrote into this
project the ability to go through and
write all of these descriptions cuz
I hate writing [LAUGH] them, right?
And I didn't even really
care how good they were, but
these actually ended up being pretty good,
right?
And you can see here also these keywords.
These ones, which ones?
Keywords, these ones were all
pulled out by chat GPT as well.
And I can show you here,
I am not that talented with
It's not going to be in here,
it's going to be the next core starter.
I'm not that talented with AI.
It's not something I use
consistently every day.
And there's people that are much better
that are able to get much better results.
I think Scott Moss,
another teacher here on front of masters,
is leagues a bit better than me at it.
But I'll show you the prompt here that I
was able to get fairly useful descriptions
out of this, It's here,
this is not great to read.
I do have it open.
So I can open get prompt,
this is what I wrote here.
So, I mean, this is obviously working for
trying to get it to rank well in Google,
but you could easily modify
something like this and
giving it a bit more context is like,
hey, you're writing this for executives.
They want to understand this at a glance.
How would you use this?
Using as plain language as possible so
that it's, you know, very easy to read and
very direct to the point.
And any like tidbits and tips that you can
give the agent here will bode well for
however your prompt is.
So you can see here, I wrote all more
English than the content that are then
the summary actually expected was and
that's gonna be pretty typical, right?
So yeah Justin.
>> Just a piggyback on that.
Yeah Scott moss does have just
updated his full stack Next.js
course that incorporates AI and
some prompt engineering into it.
And then also Max Firtman just has
released a course on, first Look,
ChatGPT API for web developers that kinda
looks at using the API in general if
people wanna see a little
bit more how to use that.
>> Awesome.
Very applicable to product management it
is coming for our jobs.
I'm just kidding, I mean, maybe but
right now I think it's more help than harm
to the product management profession.